---
date: 30-09-2024
author: Nicolas SALVAN (S6155197)
---
# README 

Author : Nicolas SALVAN <br>
Internship from june to august 2024 

## Introduction 

You can find in this repository the work I did for my summer internship in the Biomimetics Group. I was supervised by D. Lentink, P. Chambroux and continued the work of the previous intern Ian Soede. 

During this internship, I developped a Python  framework to model and analyze bird flocking behaviors. 

## Requirements 

The code in this repository is written mainly in `python`, but there is also a `MATLAB` notebook in the `pid_simulation` folder. 

To launch the `python` scripts and notebook, the necessary libraries are written in the `requirements.txt` files and are also listed bellow :

```
ipython==8.12.3
ipython==7.31.1
matplotlib==3.8.0
numba==0.60.0
numpy==1.21.5
pandas==2.2.3
scikit_learn==1.5.2
scipy==1.8.0
seaborn==0.13.2
statsmodels==0.14.2
```

## Code organisation 

`utils` : In this file, there are all the functions and utils that were implemented to analyze the simulations.

`visualisation` : Visualisation functions, you can also see a demonstration of each function in the `jupyter-notebooks`. 

`pid_simulation/` : In this folder, you can find the `MATLAB` notebook used to analyze the PID Flock model. 

`scripts/` : In this folder, there are different scripts exemples that were implemented using the `utils` functions in the `script_examples` file. 

`notebook/` : There are all the notebooks and the data generated by them in this folder. 

`models/ ` : You can find here the different models used in our simulation, and a "model for the models" if you want to implement yours. You just have to respect the same shape for the output of simulations. 


